---
layout: post
title: Résumé
---

Vancouver, WA &middot; (360) 606-7314 &middot; <a href="mailto:dakota@dakotasanchez.com">dakota@dakotasanchez.com</a>

I am a software developer who is passionate and knowledgeable about creating elegant solutions. I have the ability to learn new concepts and platforms quickly. I am self-directed, enjoy complex problems, and work well in a motivated team.

###Work Experience     
<strong>Portland State University</strong>     
Analyst Programmer     
November 2016 - Present     

- Working on enterprise-level software in C, Java, Bash, and SQL.

<strong>Appnio</strong>    
Software Engineer     
February 2016 - November 2016     

- Working on large-scale multilingual Android applications in an Agile development environment.

<strong>New Relic</strong>    
Software Engineer Intern    
June 2015 - September 2015

- Implemented features in enterprise-level Android applications for Mobile Engineering team.
- Found efficient ways to retrieve and display millions of metrics on mobile devices.
- Integrated modern open source libraries to speed up development and shift focus to solving new problems.
- Created custom Android layout manager code for displaying tables with thousands of data points instantly.

<strong>Circle Technology</strong>    
Software Engineer    
December 2013 - June 2015

- Built projects using Java, C++, and C# in an Agile development environment.
- Created APIs in Java and C# to interface existing code with networking hardware.
- Customized RFB protocol in C++ to provide better asynchronous processing of data.

###Projects
<strong>Market Fanatic</strong> (<a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sanchez.fmf">in Play Store</a>)    
    
- Android application for exploring U.S. farmers markets (locations and details).
- Utilized: Java, Android SDK, Google Places API, USDA API, Retrofit, OkHttp, and more.

<strong>Geo Opposite</strong> (<a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sanchez.geoopposite">in Play Store</a>)    

- Android application that finds and shows the antipodal point of your location on earth.
- Utilized: Java, Android SDK, Google Places API, Google Maps API.

###Education
<strong>Computer Science, B.S.</strong> (in progress)    
Portland State University    
September 2015 - June 2017

<strong>Computer Science, A.S.</strong>    
Clark College    
September 2012 - June 2015

###Skills
- <strong>Proficient</strong>: Java, C++, C
- <strong>Hands-on experience</strong>: Python, C#, SQL
- <strong>Build scripting</strong>: Gradle, Ant, Jenkins
- <strong>Other</strong>: Linux, GNU coreutils, Vim, JSON, HTTP, Jira
- Data structures and efficient algorithms
- Agile development
- Local and remote version control
- Team player

<a href="files/SanchezDakotaResume.pdf">Download PDF</a>
